Clarify instructions regarding JSONL files (#491)
EleutherAI/gpt-neox: README.md

In the future we will also be adding a single command to preprocess our 800GB language modelling dataset, [The Pile](https://arxiv.org/abs/2101.00027), and all its constituent datasets.

> To prepare your own dataset for training, format it as one large [jsonl](https://jsonlines.org/)-formated file with each item in the list of dictionaries being a separate document. The document text should be grouped under one JSON key, i.e `"text"`. Auxillery metadata can be stored in other fields without effecting language model training. This file should then be zipped using [zstd](https://github.com/facebook/zstd).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prepare your own dataset for training, format it as one large [jsonl](https://jsonlines.org/)-formated file with each item in the list of dictionaries being a separate document. The document text should be grouped under one JSON key, i.e `"text"`. Auxiliary metadata can be stored in other fields without affecting language model training. This file should then be compressed using [zstd](https://github.com/facebook/zstd).
```

Usage:

```

> preprocess_data.py [-h] --input INPUT [--jsonl-keys JSONL_KEYS [JSONL_KEYS ...]] [--split-sentences] [--keep-newlines] --tokenizer-type {BertWordPieceLowerCase,BertWordPieceCase,GPT2BPETokenizer} [--vocab-file VOCAB_FILE] [--merge-file MERGE_FILE] [--append-eod]

Reviewer: From context, this section is supposably program output from <samp>preprocess_data.py</samp>, but it is not here to review. The script should either be modified so program output coincides with what is now documented here, or these changes should be reverted.

Author: Whoops! Somehow that made it into a different branch >.>

Fixed now.
